todo.md, before:

# TO-DO LIST

newest-oldest

## current

### refactor list

#### commands

-   [x] Clear
-   [x] Debug
-   [x] MapParse
-   [x] RandomMap
-   [x] RecommendMap
-   [x] UserBeatmaps
-   [ ] Compare
-   [ ] Saved
-   [ ] ServerLeaderboard
-   [ ] Set
-   [ ] WhatIf
-   [x] Badges
-   [x] BWS
-   [x] Profile
-   [ ] Ranking
-   [ ] rsact
-   [ ] maplb
-   [ ] recent
-   [ ] replay
-   [ ] simulate
-   [ ] scoreparse
-   [ ] scorelist

#### tools

-   [ ] commandCheck (cmd handler)
-   [ ] getrankperformance
-   [ ] userstatscache
-   [ ] findfile
-   [ ] updateuserstats
-   [ ]

### ---

-   [x] fix memory leaks (ubuntu)
-   [x] fix maplb page buttons crashing
-   [ ] reduce code complexity
-   [x] fix changelog (buttons switch commands, etc.)
-   [x] fix commands re-sending api calls when switching pages
-   [x] fix button commands
-   [x] test admin cmds
-   [x] test misc cmds
-   [x] test osu_other cmds
-   [x] ensure all commands have `this.name` set
-   [x] use `this.send` instead of `commands.sendMessage` when possible
-   [x] change user == null to `validUser`
-   [x] fix FileNotFound in map commands
-   [x] get command to work in DMs (atm. only message commands)
-   [x] interaction commands
-   [x] map PP values all the same
-   [x] custom cs,ar,od,hp in simulate
-   [x] handling for mod adjustments (DA, DT rate change)
-   [x] AR in `map` and `ppcalc` being higher than expected
-   [x] previously requested maps calling the wrong beatmap ID
-   [x] maps unable to request beatmapset
-   [x] maplb score #s not updating with the page
-   [x] fc pp being way lower than expected
-   [x] pages buttons not working
-   [x] `changelog` pages being broken after using select page
-   [x] maplb doesnt filter by mods
-   [x] `recent` showing star rating as `undefined`

## 4.0.0 rewrite

-   [x] re-implement all commands
-   [x] command handler
-   [x] link handler
-   [x] button handler
-   [ ] interaction handler
-   [x] loops
-   [x] bug fixing

### bug fixes

-   [x] mods not working in pp calculations
-   [x] calling map command via button causes an "interaction already replied/deferred" error
-   [x] buttons that call commands (eg map, user) replace the old embed instead of making a new message
-   [x] page buttons not doing anything
-   [x] overrides via command aliases not working (rl, ubm)
-   [x] whatif accepting ALL arguments as the user argument (whatif 300 -> "could not find user 300", whatif saberstrike 300 -> "could not find user saberstrike 300)
-   [x] scoreparse not working with new score ids

## pre 4.0.0

-   [x] bot docs allow search by command alias
-   [x] support userlinks in commands that take user as a param
-   [ ] https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59655314/how-to-generate-an-image-from-dynamically-created-html-in-nodejs
-   [x] convert now returns NaN
-   [ ] fix new graph method not having a background
-   [ ] scoreparse not working with new score ids on website -> https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/4308973497 and https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/1637688819 are the same but only the first link works
-   [x] save osutopdata, pinnedscoresdata and firstsdata by user id instead of command id
-   [x] re-order nochokes scores
-   [x] remove (if FC) from nochokes
-   [x] use tenor API (or similar) for gif commands
-   [x] fix lb command showing an empty list
-   [ ] bugtracker command
-   [ ] medals command
-   [x] make strain graphs use osu map background
-   [x] weather command - add wind,temperature, precipitation graphs
-   [x] weather command - add wind direction
-   [x] map of all systems in tropical weather command
-   [x] add natural disasters/warnings to weather cmd (hurricane, tsunami etc.) (partially implemented via tropical weather command)
-   [x] redo how commands show unicode titles
-   [x] gif commands
-   [x] fix strains graph showing NaN:NaN
-   [x] set time command
-   [x] random string gen recursive function
-   [x] label all versions in changelog.txt commits
-   [x] add energy, area, angle and speed conversions
-   [ ] time command can parse a time eg. in (x) hours
-   [x] add button version and current version to outdated command message
-   [x] make option options more distinct in helpinfo
-   [x] show timezone map on time command
-   [x] add every\* continent and country to the timezone db (excluding antartica)
-   [x] put time command times all starting off the same column for readability + keep timezone name when using select menu
-   [x] "requested by x" text on some button commands
-   [x] badges command
-   [x] add place names to time command (ie singapore, auckland etc.)
-   [x] add scores button to rs and scoreparse
-   [ ] put strains and fails graph on the same graph
-   [x] add timezone options to time (ie AEDT, CST)
-   [x] add `most played`, `ranked` etc. aliases to `userbeatmaps`
-   [x] command options like filter and sort in a separate embed or section (partially implemented)
-   [x] edit arg handling in score list commands
-   [x] add score + rank filter to score list commands
-   [x] make all button emojies the same theme
-   [x] osu map ranks command (#1s, #10s etc.) (FEATURE REMOVED 202X-XX-XX)
-   [ ] show fail point on `recent` strains graph
-   [x] health + strains graph (`recent` and `scoreparse`)
-   [x] fix map parser
-   [x] fix pages on maplb
-   [x] recommend map command

## DEPRECATED

won't be implemented

-   [ ] profile card command (like show a jpg)
-   [ ] score title/thumbnail generator
-   [ ] PV=nRT, n=m/M calculations
-   [ ] unstable rate calculator
-   [ ] render command

## SSOB V4 REWRITE

-   [ ] command handler
-   [ ] button handler
-   [ ] link handler
-   [ ] commands
-   [x] osu api
-   [x] osu pp calculator
-   [ ] helper functions

Commit message:

fix: whatif including pp in user search

todo.md, after:

# TO-DO LIST

newest-oldest

## current

### refactor list

#### commands

-   [x] Clear
-   [x] Debug
-   [x] MapParse
-   [x] RandomMap
-   [x] RecommendMap
-   [x] UserBeatmaps
-   [ ] Compare
-   [ ] Saved
-   [ ] ServerLeaderboard
-   [ ] Set
-   [x] WhatIf (note: sometimes when fetching user it will use the last-used accounts scores)
-   [x] Badges
-   [x] BWS
-   [x] Profile
-   [ ] Ranking
-   [ ] rsact
-   [ ] maplb
-   [ ] recent
-   [ ] replay
-   [ ] simulate
-   [ ] scoreparse
-   [ ] scorelist
-   [ ] scorestats (pp and combo muiltiplied by 100)

#### tools

-   [ ] commandCheck (cmd handler)
-   [ ] getrankperformance
-   [ ] userstatscache
-   [ ] findfile
-   [ ] updateuserstats
-   [ ]

### ---

-   [x] fix memory leaks (ubuntu)
-   [x] fix maplb page buttons crashing
-   [ ] reduce code complexity
-   [x] fix changelog (buttons switch commands, etc.)
-   [x] fix commands re-sending api calls when switching pages
-   [x] fix button commands
-   [x] test admin cmds
-   [x] test misc cmds
-   [x] test osu_other cmds
-   [x] ensure all commands have `this.name` set
-   [x] use `this.send` instead of `commands.sendMessage` when possible
-   [x] change user == null to `validUser`
-   [x] fix FileNotFound in map commands
-   [x] get command to work in DMs (atm. only message commands)
-   [x] interaction commands
-   [x] map PP values all the same
-   [x] custom cs,ar,od,hp in simulate
-   [x] handling for mod adjustments (DA, DT rate change)
-   [x] AR in `map` and `ppcalc` being higher than expected
-   [x] previously requested maps calling the wrong beatmap ID
-   [x] maps unable to request beatmapset
-   [x] maplb score #s not updating with the page
-   [x] fc pp being way lower than expected
-   [x] pages buttons not working
-   [x] `changelog` pages being broken after using select page
-   [x] maplb doesnt filter by mods
-   [x] `recent` showing star rating as `undefined`

## 4.0.0 rewrite

-   [x] re-implement all commands
-   [x] command handler
-   [x] link handler
-   [x] button handler
-   [ ] interaction handler
-   [x] loops
-   [x] bug fixing

### bug fixes

-   [x] mods not working in pp calculations
-   [x] calling map command via button causes an "interaction already replied/deferred" error
-   [x] buttons that call commands (eg map, user) replace the old embed instead of making a new message
-   [x] page buttons not doing anything
-   [x] overrides via command aliases not working (rl, ubm)
-   [x] whatif accepting ALL arguments as the user argument (whatif 300 -> "could not find user 300", whatif saberstrike 300 -> "could not find user saberstrike 300)
-   [x] scoreparse not working with new score ids

## pre 4.0.0

-   [x] bot docs allow search by command alias
-   [x] support userlinks in commands that take user as a param
-   [ ] https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59655314/how-to-generate-an-image-from-dynamically-created-html-in-nodejs
-   [x] convert now returns NaN
-   [ ] fix new graph method not having a background
-   [ ] scoreparse not working with new score ids on website -> https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/osu/4308973497 and https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/1637688819 are the same but only the first link works
-   [x] save osutopdata, pinnedscoresdata and firstsdata by user id instead of command id
-   [x] re-order nochokes scores
-   [x] remove (if FC) from nochokes
-   [x] use tenor API (or similar) for gif commands
-   [x] fix lb command showing an empty list
-   [ ] bugtracker command
-   [ ] medals command
-   [x] make strain graphs use osu map background
-   [x] weather command - add wind,temperature, precipitation graphs
-   [x] weather command - add wind direction
-   [x] map of all systems in tropical weather command
-   [x] add natural disasters/warnings to weather cmd (hurricane, tsunami etc.) (partially implemented via tropical weather command)
-   [x] redo how commands show unicode titles
-   [x] gif commands
-   [x] fix strains graph showing NaN:NaN
-   [x] set time command
-   [x] random string gen recursive function
-   [x] label all versions in changelog.txt commits
-   [x] add energy, area, angle and speed conversions
-   [ ] time command can parse a time eg. in (x) hours
-   [x] add button version and current version to outdated command message
-   [x] make option options more distinct in helpinfo
-   [x] show timezone map on time command
-   [x] add every\* continent and country to the timezone db (excluding antartica)
-   [x] put time command times all starting off the same column for readability + keep timezone name when using select menu
-   [x] "requested by x" text on some button commands
-   [x] badges command
-   [x] add place names to time command (ie singapore, auckland etc.)
-   [x] add scores button to rs and scoreparse
-   [ ] put strains and fails graph on the same graph
-   [x] add timezone options to time (ie AEDT, CST)
-   [x] add `most played`, `ranked` etc. aliases to `userbeatmaps`
-   [x] command options like filter and sort in a separate embed or section (partially implemented)
-   [x] edit arg handling in score list commands
-   [x] add score + rank filter to score list commands
-   [x] make all button emojies the same theme
-   [x] osu map ranks command (#1s, #10s etc.) (FEATURE REMOVED 202X-XX-XX)
-   [ ] show fail point on `recent` strains graph
-   [x] health + strains graph (`recent` and `scoreparse`)
-   [x] fix map parser
-   [x] fix pages on maplb
-   [x] recommend map command

## DEPRECATED

won't be implemented

-   [ ] profile card command (like show a jpg)
-   [ ] score title/thumbnail generator
-   [ ] PV=nRT, n=m/M calculations
-   [ ] unstable rate calculator
-   [ ] render command

## SSOB V4 REWRITE

-   [ ] command handler
-   [ ] button handler
-   [ ] link handler
-   [ ] commands
-   [x] osu api
-   [x] osu pp calculator
-   [ ] helper functions
